it should be noted that this file has not been updated in awhile, if people start using this script
I might update this to reflect the most recent changes to the scripts usage, but since it seems
I am currently the only guy using it, it does not seem worth the time. be aware most of the flags are
accurate, but some of the text in regards to default frame rates and the like is outdated and no longer
reflective of the exact workings of this program

if in doubt on how to use this, please visit the magic lantern forums, I have created a video
tutorial to explain basic usage. it would be advisable that you watch it.

About this Script

This script is designed to make it possible to shoot raw video on the
canon T2i (and similar cameras that are limited by a small buffer and slow sd
card write speeds) by providing a functional workflow to color grade large
numbers of videos, and to use optical flow to generate in between frames
so that the user can record video at higher resolutions by dropping the 
framerate on the camera to 18 frames a second

Some important usage notes:  The original video must be recorded at 18 frames
a second, no more no less.  It is advised that the user use the settings of
18 frames a second on the camera, and a resolution of 1280 by 480.
This is the highest stable resolution I have been able to achieve on the t2i. 
for best reasults, use the fastest shutter possible as to minimize confusion
for the optical flow programs

About this script itself:  the script dumps frames from .mlv files and sorts
them into folders. it then color grades these images based on a user provided
xmp file (generate this with darktable) from there it uses optical flow
to create new frames in order to bring the video framerate up to 24 frames
a second with smooth fluid motion. (most of the time, optical flow can be
a hit or miss kind of thing, the less motion blur there is, the more likely
optical flow will succeed)

You can change the scripts behavor by providing some options

	-c
	color grade your clips. This opens up darktable, so that you can create a look
	that will be applied to all of your images. what this does is on the backend is 
	create a new xmp file and place it in the same directory as your videos, 
	from which point the script will use that xmp file as the color grade for all 
	the images. if you do not place an xmp file in the directory with your videos, 
	(IE run this step first) the darktable defaults will be used

	-q
	quick encode, dumps the frames from the MLV containers, color grades them
	and then encodes them into video files. Best solution as of this writing, some of
	the other solutions are more expiremental

	-d
	dump frames from mlv file and do nothing else

	-h
	display this help screen

	-g 
	converts raw images to PNG files using darktable
	this will apply any settings provided in a .xmp file
	of the same directory as the t2vert script

	-a 
	dumps images, color grades them, generates missing frames with
	opticalflow, and finaly exports a prores file for your editing 
	pleasure. IE this stands for all, it does it all 

	-o 
	optical flow.  generate extra frames using the program slowmotion video.	
	this program employs optical flow to figure out what the frames that do
	not exist might have looked like. and from there it creates them. if this
	solution works, it produces the best reasults, if it fails, it creates horrible
	artifacts
	
	-e 
	encodes video at 24fps with the frames we generated using optical flow. 

	-f
	encodes a frame duplicated video directly from the png files we graded with
	darktable. IE no optical flow, just simple quick frame duplication to bring
	the framerate up to 24 frames a second.

	-b
	Encode frames that are blended between the duplicated frames, and the optical
	generated frames, this solution can sometimes mask errors in the optical flow
	video, while preserving some of the smoother motion that the optical flow intepretation
	provides.
	
	-r 
	grade video using luminance hdr


	
	
